my name is Cara's Rogers and I was being
bullied for my dark skin complexion I
turned a negative into a positive by
making a clothing line complexes in my
complexion then it's blowing up now my
family and I are going around speaking
to other kids who are also being bullied
but came out stronger this is beyond
belief
we're gonna go meet CJ he is a
gender-fluid Olevia road we've got a lot
of attention last year when James Woods
tweeted some mean things about him not
really Donnelly is whoo easy now he's
going to be the youngest grand marshal
at the Orange County Pride Parade you go
CJ you better slow we're going to go see
CJ to make sure he has everything for
his big day okay so sister
I gotta meet you meet you too funny guys
okay so show me something your makeup
beauty blenders moisturizer there's a
lot of stuff when I go up I want to do I
want to be a makeup artist I can learn a
thing or two about makeup from CJ we
have so much in common I love makeup
you were both believed we both love
sparkles I love sparkles so much so
let's talk how was your experience with
bullying I had two best friends mm-hmm
and then they they said they their
families not accepting of gay people or
anything so they started being mean and
talking about me and then when after
science lab my friend sent me into a
wall Wow but now I have so many nice
supportive friends who are always there
for me I went through a lot of bullying
and I didn't take it so well it started
when I was in first grade at the young
live yeah I didn't have no confidence
after I started getting worse
that's and I told my mom and then she
started giving me power words
look in the mirror and tell myself that
I'm beautiful I am gorgeous no matter
what and it doesn't matter what anybody
says about me my parents have always
told me to always be myself no matter
what and then change people the way you
want to be treated and they're just
raised a part of a man I love that I
love your ears already there was an
incident where I went to back-to-school
night and they had done self-portraits
and kerasys portrait was you know
colored with a black crayon she's like
that's the crayon that the teacher gave
me and she was very quiet
this little timid little girl that just
holding all of her emotions and
basically she was on the fashion show
and I did her hair and got her dress
their makeup I took a picture and then
just immediately went viral on Twitter
and then she saw like all the comments
like oh my god I love your skin I love
your hair and stuff
and some of that confidence back yeah so
I let her read the comments and she was
like oh my god like people really think
this about me during the bullying we
felt like he was like this withering
flower and now we've seen him kind of
burst out of that and blossom and have
all these opportunities you know he's
really come into his own with his
confidence and you know inspiring others
you know especially other boys that like
hey it's okay to love makeup and love
hair and love unicorns and rainbows I am
so excited to surprise CJ with the
fruits in LA to go me one of the top
makeup artists in the business nice to
me Kara she's so beautiful
Taylor nice name come on let's go I am
so excited so this is the agent Crimson
Beauty Atelier welcome so you guys love
makeup
mm-hmm so wait so how did you two meet
[Music]
caris I mentioned you've been bullied
like tell me about that well I had two
best friends and then they started like
they mean to me I'm talking about really
oh wow how did that make you feel we
have to close our ears and our minds to
people that don't really understand like
you know what our journey is and where
we want to go and you know not it's not
for everybody to understand all the time
but as long as you're confident in that
message and confident of what you want
to present to the world that's the best
you're doing the best that you can do
for you I want to see some of your
makeup skills so are you excited about
being the grand marshal tomorrow glitter
okay well what goes on like what happens
- mainly for like people like one day
people come express themselves and
makeup and hair and they all come be
themselves and no one will judge them
and they're excited yes I am so tell me
your speech recite your speech for me no
thanks
thank you so much for this honor and for
letting me be your Grand Marshal I
definitely had a lot of ups and downs
this year but the things that got me
through this year are being myself being
proud of Who I am having a supportive
community and having a loving family
that is always been there for me my
family has helped me so much this year
and it makes me so sad that some LGBTQ
people don't have supportive families
and they have to hide who they are
because if they show who they really are
they might end up with no one that loves
them we need to be proud of who we are
and use our pride to make the difference
let me to always be ourselves and keep
going until we are all treated
peacefully we need to show everyone that
we have fun strong colorful brave smart
loving and best of all proud we are the
rainbow in the Rope sky let's try to
erase the doubt and turn it into a
rainbow thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
go CJ Cassie xanga go CJ go see they go
how are you going to turn your dark
cloud into a rainbow
[Music]